and to Mumbai to make this movie with
just 25 action my hand across my all
earnings so that's the journalist with
two major newspapers in India and that
is India touring so it was only earnings
I have after working for seven years as
a journalist after I paid all the
advances I had to wait for actually two
years to find an actual investor it's
genuine investor for this project
because the whole body would hold
producers here in Cleveland thought that
I was meeting some porn movie one was
ready to read the script also because
the title was comes with off there are
no body doubles in this movie in terms
of nudity and in terms of war nobody
required a body double if anyone was
trained for six months and maybe they
liked amazing effort but you can watch
in the movie when it comes I'm not
claiming much things you can Orson who
you can judge yourself you're the best
judges we did our best we I think that
we could get out of this font tag and
module has accepted us as the mainstream
movie though the rest of the world and
always engaged it
so I'm hungry presenting you the movie
to you for your judgment for your
Sensibility we have tried our best to
shoot in a statically like wars case the
movie has come out well but still it's
your mosque is going to actually matters
thank you so much from what you have
seen right now the trailer the magnitude
of the film you can make out how huge it
is
and till the time I shot a never thought
that it will be that big but
and for the first time when he came here
he actually made me for a small group
one of the things there are many things
in this film it's a period still and
it's the proper war and love story film
more than a pond so I must tell you that
the stuff from the trailer itself you
can see a huge war film and he wanted me
for a smaller role but we made then here
he had some different concepts in his
mind again we knew he came back by the
time he'd seen my work also from
different films and then he told me
there is a simple character of the king
in this film which we would like you to
portray and it was a great chance for me
it's a huge character is a character
that can be compared with Howard from
our mythology so it has tremendous
shades she's a poet he's a martial
artist
he's expert in martial arts in fact the
karate kata you and all those things
actually he's practicing way of showing
the film also he's very soft when it
comes to romance and love and all those
things but he is really ruthless he can
kill anybody anytime so it's that kind
of character so lot of variation in the
performance and overall it was a great
experience working with this group hi
this is Shana and Chopra please
subscribe to Bollywood now do it now